chore: update RAG from scratch article (#290)
deepset-ai/haystack-home: content/blog/rag-pipelines-from-scratch/index.md

Let's build one of these with Haystack 2.0!

> 💡 *Do you want to see this code in action? Check out the Colab notebook [here](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1FkDNS3hTO4oPXHFbXQcldls0kf-KTq-r?usp=sharing).* 

> ⚠️ **Warning:** *This code was tested on `haystack-ai==2.0.0b5`. Haystack 2.0 is still unstable, so later versions might introduce breaking changes without notice until Haystack 2.0 is officially released. The concepts and components however stay the same.*

## Generators: Haystack's LLM components

As every NLP framework that deserves its name, Haystack supports LLMs in different ways. The easiest way to query an LLM in Haystack 2.0 is through a Generator component: depending on which LLM and how you intend to query it (chat, text completion, etc...), you should pick the appropriate class.

> We're going to use `gpt-3.5-turbo` (the model behind ChatGPT) for these examples, so the component we need is [`OpenAIGenerator`](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/blob/main/haystack/preview/components/generators/openai.py). Here is all the code required to use it to query OpenAI's `gpt-3.5-turbo` :

Reviewer: Added the docs link 👇 
```suggestion
We're going to use `gpt-3.5-turbo` (the model behind ChatGPT) for these examples, so the component we need is [`OpenAIGenerator`](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/openaigenerator). Here is all the code required to use it to query OpenAI's `gpt-3.5-turbo` :
```

```python
from haystack.components.generators import OpenAIGenerator

generator = OpenAIGenerator(api_key=api_key)
generator.run(prompt="What's the official language of France?")
# returns {"replies": ['The official language of France is French.']}
```
You can select your favorite OpenAI model by specifying a `model` at initialization, for example, `gpt-4`. It also supports setting an `api_base_url` for private deployments, a `streaming_callback` if you want to see the output generated live in the terminal, and optional `kwargs` to let you pass whatever other parameter the model understands, such as the number of answers (`n`), the temperature (`temperature`), etc.

Note that in this case, we're passing the API key to the component's constructor. This is unnecessary: `OpenAIGenerator` can read the value from the `OPENAI_API_KEY` environment variable and also from the `api_key` module variable of [`openai`'s SDK](https://github.com/openai/openai-python#usage).

> Right now, Haystack supports HuggingFace models through the [`HuggingFaceLocalGenerator`](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/blob/main/haystack/preview/components/generators/hugging_face_local.py) and [`HuggingFaceTGIGenerator`](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/blob/main/haystack/preview/components/generators/hugging_face_tgi.py) components, and many more LLMs are coming soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now, Haystack supports HuggingFace models through the [`HuggingFaceLocalGenerator`](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/huggingfacelocalgenerator) and [`HuggingFaceTGIGenerator`](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/huggingfacetgigenerator) components, and many more LLMs are coming soon.
```

> Haystack offers a component that can render variables into prompt templates: it's called [`PromptBuilder`](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/blob/main/haystack/preview/components/builders/prompt_builder.py). As the generators we've seen before, also `PromptBuilder` is nearly trivial to initialize and use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Haystack offers a component that can render variables into prompt templates: it's called [`PromptBuilder`](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/promptbuilder). As the generators we've seen before, also `PromptBuilder` is nearly trivial to initialize and use.
```
